docs: add api reference section and remove conda-pack downloading (#73)
instill-ai/vdp: README.md

```bash
git clone https://github.com/instill-ai/vdp.git

make all
```

> Note that it may take a long time due to the size of the Triton server image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this may take a while due to the big size of the Triton server image.
```

> ### Create a pipeline with your own model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create a pipeline with your own models
```

> Please follow the guideline on [How to prepare your own model to deploy on VDP](docs/model.md#prepare-your-own-model-to-deploy-on-vdp). Then, use the sample codes above to deploy the prepared model and create your own pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please follow the guideline "[Prepare your own model to deploy on VDP
](docs/model.md#prepare-your-own-model-to-deploy-on-vdp)." Based on the above sample codes, you can deploy a prepared model and create your own pipeline.
```

### Clean up

> Execute the following command to clean up all running services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To clean up all running services:
```

```
make prune
```

## Documentation

The gRPC protocols in [protobufs](https://github.com/instill-ai/protobufs) provide the single source of truth for the VDP APIs. To view the generated OpenAPI spec:
```bash
make all
```
Now visit http://localhost:3000

> ## Development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Local development
```
